[Music]
parents carry their blooded children to
hospital the AL AXA martys Hospital in
central Gaza is overwhelmed after
Israeli forces bomb the dear alala
neighborhood
[Music]
there are not enough beds and many
patients are left lying on the
floor the Ministry of Health in Gaza
says most of those killed over 200 since
Friday are women and
children
alhamdulillah alhamdulillah
[Applause]
alhamdulillah on the steps of the NASA
Hospital bereaved relatives wait to bury
their dead as hanun wasn't spared
either the UN has said that the Gaza
Strip is the most dangerous place in the
world to be a
child and without a ceasefire more
children will die camil n Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz